How did you get here?
I didn't send anyone with your clothes.
I brought them myself.
So... she's yours?
Remember me?  Since you became my woman,
you should know that
this hotel is also my property.
How incredibly unlucky am I
to have landed in the jaws of a stone flower in the middle of nowhere?
Oh, and by the way,
that driver works for me.
When did you find me?
The moment you left the manor,
I knew.
Then why so early?
I had nothing better to do, so I decided to
play with you.
All that equipment, it was her doing.
Just as I thought I'd escaped, it all appeared,
crushing my hopes, playing me like a puppet.
That woman is terrifying.
Jin Ling,
Are you finished playing?
Let's return when you are.
I'll have someone tend to your wounds.
I don't want to.